hello this is 10 from guano TV and today
I want to talk a little bit about
reading news on the web and one of the
topics you hear me talk about a lot and
a lot of the newer web two point O
companies is a technology called RSS or
a really simple syndication RSS allows
you to syndicate from various websites
around the web so you don't have to
serve to techcrunch com gizmodo and
gadget all these different sites you can
all you can aggregate and syndicate them
all in one spot now a lot of people
don't like the tools that are available
today for RSS aggregation and
syndication one of the most popular ones
that I love is a google reader also
talked about feedly which kind of sits
on top of Google Reader and kind of
enhances that experience and tries to
make it much more pleasurable to the
eyes and easier to intake all that
information but some people still don't
like it however some people do like
email they like to read email
newsletters they like to read i Jes from
information it's kind of like the old
school of reading the paper and going to
digest and you know Reno the headlines
of everything well if you're one of
those people who prefer email over RSS
readers and all these other different
tools there's a site just for you and
it's dead simple it's called feed my
inbox your inbox is hungry feed my inbox
anisette WWF ed my inbox calm head over
there and there's only two boxes two
boxes that you have to input the first
box says enter a website URL so you just
have to put whatever website you want to
send the K to your email inbox so say I
want to syndicate buona notte TV thank
you one of that TV output ww1 TV in the
website URL box that's the first step
second step is to input your email
address the email address you want these
messages sent to and that's it you click
Submit and you're done mess it
can't get much simpler than that and
that's why I like it I like simple tools
for people who just want simple tasks so
feed my inbox calm is definitely a
winner and once you start getting that
information into your inbox do you use
special tricks like filtering and
tagging and rules and stuff to cater to
the incoming news that's coming from all
of the web about all different types of
topics and you can great folders you
know all the different things you can do
an email you now have that ability with
RSS feeds simply by tying them in with
feed my inbox and that site makes it
terribly terribly easy all right this is
born Laframboise TV and s feed my inbox
calm